EDU-18424 - Feedback #5329 - Page not found (#895)
vtexdocs/help-center-content: docs/en/announcements/2022/june/2022-06-22-assembly-options-new-app-to-simplify-product-customization.md

> The Assembly Options app is only available for stores developed using [VTEX IO](https://vtex.com/us-en/store-framework/). To use it, you also need to [install and configure the Product Customizer](https://developers.vtex.com/vtex-developer-docs/docs/vtex-product-customizer) in your store.

Author: ```suggestion
The Assembly Options app is only available for stores developed using [VTEX IO](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/store-framework). To use it, you also need to [install and configure the Product Customizer](https://developers.vtex.com/vtex-developer-docs/docs/vtex-product-customizer) in your store.
```
